Meeting-Artifacts-2025-04-17 (#290)
confidential-computing/governance: TAC/Meetings/2025/2025-04-17/CCC_TAC-Minutes-2025-04-17.md

## Links

* **Code of Conduct**: [code-of-conduct.confidentialcomputing.io](https://code-of-conduct.confidentialcomputing.io)
* **CCC Charter**: [charter.confidentialcomputing.io](https://charter.confidentialcomputing.io)
* **LF Training course on DEI**: [Inclusive Open Source Community Orientation (LFC102) (free)](https://training.linuxfoundation.org/training/inclusive-open-source-community-orientation-lfc102/)
* **Declared project dependencies**: [Google Sheets](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UKnbbGWXYLjnPZsox3zmYo59nv3XSXjePfas5E2fER0/edit#gid=0)
* **CCC YouTube**: [youtube.confidentialcomputing.io](https://youtube.confidentialcomputing.io)
* **LFX**: [lfx.linuxfoundation.org](https://lfx.linuxfoundation.org)
* **Join the CCC**: [join.confidentialcomputing.io](https://join.confidentialcomputing.io)
* **Contact the CCC**: [confidentialcomputing.io/contact-us/](https://confidentialcomputing.io/contact-us/)

## Agenda and Minutes

### Welcome

* Dan Middleton (DM) opened the call at 7:03 am PT
* DM welcomed the members of the TAC and reviewed the values of the CCC and the antitrust policy of the Linux Foundation

> * Renu Chauhan (RC) & Riaan Kleinhans (RK) created meeting minutes based on the publicly available.

Reviewer: based on the publicly available ... ?
recording after the TAC meeting?

Author: Updated @dcmiddle.

* DM reviewed the agenda

### Roll Call / Attendance

A quorum was not needed

#### Voting members of the TAC

*Per the [charter](https://charter.confidentialcomputing.io), all [CCC Premier members](https://confidentialcomputing.io/members/) receive one vote on the TAC. Quorum for votes is at least 50% of voting members present.*

* AMD - Nathaniel McCallum   / David Kaplan
* Arm - Paul Howard + 
* Google - Catherine Zhang+    / Catalin Sandu 
* Huawei - Zhipeng (Howard) Huang 
* Intel - Dan Middleton (TAC chair) +  / Simon Johnson
* Meta - Henry Wang / Kevin Hui
* Microsoft - Alec Fernandez   
* Nvidia - Fritz Alder  +
* Red Hat -  Yash Mankad   / Ram Pai 
* TikTok -  Mingshen Sun  / Yao Zhang

> * Shielded Technologies - Bob  Blessing-Hartley 

Reviewer: Please cleanup missing and extraneous spaces. It's a really small nit, but having correct spacing can help when grep'ing for specifics in the future.

Author: @dcmiddle Done.

* Dionna Glaze
* Erica  
* Henk Birkholz(Fraunhofer Institute)
* Jason Rogers (Invary)
* Jorg Rodel
* Kanth Ghatraju (Oracle)
* Kailun Qin (Intel)
* Manu Fontaine (Hushmesh)
* Mark Novak (JP Morgan Chase)
* Mona Vij (Intel)
* Wojtek Porczyk (Gramine)
* Mike Bursell (CCC)
* Renu Chauhan (Linux Foundation)
* Riaan Kleinhans (Linux Foundation)

 

## Welcome New Community Members
Mona Vij (MV), Don Porter (DP), Woju (W) & Kailun Qin (KQ) introduced themselves.

## Meeting Minute Approval & Old Business
* Meeting minutes will be approved via GitHub. DM reviewed the old Business covered in the previous meeting. 

## Announcements
* RSA Conference 
DM informed that CCC has a booth at RSA & spread an awareness about expressing an interest in joining at the booth. DM encouraged to members participate.

* Board meeting 4/23
DM informed about the upcoming board meeting on April 23, 2025 and requested for any agenda items to be added. There were none. 

## Annual Project Review: Gramine 
MV presented the annual project review for Gramine project. DM made a call for a new TAC liaison for the Gramine project.
[Slide](./CCC-Gramine-Annual-Update.pptx)

## GRC SIG Document review  

> DM informed that three GRC documents were submitted for review and are being converted to Markdown format for version control. There was a discussion about the purpose and benefits of the GRC documents, with Mark Novak (MN) explaining they provide actionable guidance for organizations adopting confidential computing technologies.DM asked the TAC to review these GRC documents and provide feedback or approval before our next TAC meeting on May 01,2025.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DM informed that three GRC documents were submitted for review and had been converted to Markdown format for version control. There was a discussion about the purpose and benefits of the GRC documents, with Mark Novak (MN) explaining they provide actionable guidance for organizations adopting confidential computing technologies. DM repeated the request for TAC members to review these GRC documents and provide feedback or approval before our next scheduled TAC meeting on May 1, 2025. That meeting is canceled but feedback is still due by May 1.
```

Author: Updated @dcmiddle

## Security Baseline: Open discussion  

> Mike Bursell (MB) gave a brief introduction about the purpose of the security baseline. MB proposed that it would be to the benefit of the CCC projects to start adopting the baseline to raise compliance. DM mentioned that the TAC needs to decide how to proceed with the baselines initiative and provide feedback to Emily (vice chair of the governing board) in the next session.

Reviewer: DM requested a volunteer to lead discussion on this topic at our next meeting.

Reviewer: @riaankleinhans @renuchauhan221 missed this ^

Author: @dcmiddle @riaankleinhans The suggestion is included.

> Discussion ensued.DM requested a volunteer to lead discussion on this topic at our next meeting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Discussion ensued. DM requested a volunteer to lead discussion on this topic at our next meeting.
```
